#summary Options SevenUp accepts.

= Introduction =

SevenUp accepts options for customization in its test() function, as well as a callback to your own code after it fires (so you can run arbitrary code when IE6- is detected, on top of showing the overlay). Note that not all plugins support all features. It is up to the plugin designer to include these options when creating the lightboxHTML.

The options are explained below, but here is a full 'options' hash with every variable set to their defaults, to use as a quick reference:

var options = {
  enableClosing: true,
  enableQuitBuggingMe: true,
  overlayColor: "#000000",  
  lightboxColor: "#ffffff",
  borderColor: "#6699ff",
  downloadLink: osSupportsUpgrade ? 
                "http://www.microsoft.com/windows/internet-explorer" :
                "http://getfirefox.com",
  overrideLightbox: false,
  lightboxHTML: null,
  showToAllBrowsers: false,
  usePlugin: false
};

var callback = function() {
  // Switch IE-specific content
  // AJAX call to map IP to 'IE6 user' status
  // etc.
}

sevenup.test(options, callback);

= Details =

===enableClosing===
By default, SevenUp allows the user to close the overlay window, for the "Support but Discourage" approach. But setting this to false disables that functionality, requiring IE7+.

===enableQuitBuggingMe===
By default, SevenUp also allows the user to stop it from showing for a week, for your loyal but stubborn users. Setting this to false disables that functionality, making it so users see the upgrade reminder every time they view a page with SevenUp enabled.  It uses a cookie set to the domain "/" to remember users, so cookies must be enabled for this to work

